---
title: Half term
author: ~
date: 2018-10-19T17:30:00
slug: half-term
categories:
    - Announcement
tags:
    - 2EE
    - English
---

Dear Parents,

We have had a great week with your bright children.  I hope they tell you about some of the things they have learnt this week.  Ask them about toasting marshmallows in Forest School, or writing instructions about how to make a sandwich ... and then making one.  They can tell you about how c and g are scared of i,e and y.  They may even be able to fill you in on how to find out the classes favourite sandwich - as a bar chart, or a tally.  Only don't ask them to make you a sandwich like "the one Sam made in the book" we read!

During half term I hope you have a great time relaxing with your children and enjoying their company.  Please do keep reading with them.  Any books from home or the library are great, as well as their school reading book.  You can also visit Bug Club at https://www.activelearnprimary.co.uk/login?c=0 where there are lots of updated books for your children to read.  The Bug Club website offers levelled online books with a quiz afterwards for your child to check their learning. If you do not yet have a password, please contact me and I will share it with you.  Your password from last year should still work.

Have fun with Senior Ruiz's Matific games and playing the games which we shared with you over the past half term.

Most of all have fun listening to your children and their wonderful questions.

Warmest wishes,

Liz Cook
