---
title: Welcome 4EE!
date: '2020-08-27'
slug: welcome-4ee
categories:
    - Announcements
tags:
    - 4EE
    - English
---

Hello 4EE,

Señora Lane and I are really looking forward to seeing you all from Monday 7th September. 

I know that some of you have already prepared a presentation.  We’ll be hearing about mystery hounds and Egyptian mummies from your classmates.  You could listen to the video attached if you want to be reminded about the challenge we gave you at the start of the summer.  We will be sharing these 10 minute presentations over the first few weeks, so don’t worry if yours is not ready yet.

You might be wondering what to bring with you to school in year 4.  Just like last year, everyone will need to bring a small pencil case which can fit in your tray with:

* 3 pencils

* a rubber

* one blue and one green biro

* a 15cm ruler

* a pencil sharpener

* scissors 

* a glue stick

* Some coloured felt tips/crayons

You won’t need to bring any exercise books as we have fresh, new ones ready to welcome you.  

We might need your help to make the classroom ready, as the builders have taken much longer than we thought they would to fix the windows and heating in our hostel block classroom.  But we know you can help us sort it out.  

Please remember to bring your own water bottle, snacks and packed lunch.  We will be going outside rain or shine, so make sure you have warm clothes and a raincoat if needed.

The beginning of the week will be Spanish and from Wednesday afternoon you will swap to English.  PE will be on Mondays at the end of the day.

On the first day of your English class, we will be sharing “the best thing which happened to me since I was last in school”.  So you might want to have a think about choosing your favourite thing.

On **Monday 7th September** you will be greeted at **8.30am** at the **Thame Lane gates** and shown the way to your new classroom in the Hostel Block, where Señora Lane’s smile will be waiting to greet you.

If you, or your parent/guardian, would like to email any questions, or to share anything you think we should know about before school begins, just get in touch - [l.cook@europaschool.uk](mailto:l.cook@europaschool.uk) or [e.lane@europaschool.uk](e.lane@europaschool.uk).  We would love to hear from you or from your parent/guardian.

In the meantime, have a wonderful last few days before we meet for some fun in Year 4.

Warmest wishes,

Mrs Cook and Señora Lane
